Update README.md (#91)
puppetlabs/control-repo: README.md

## Code Manager Setup

> If you use Puppet Enterprise and have not yet enabled and configured Code Manager, in addition to reading the official [documentation](https://puppet.com/docs/pe/2019.8/code_mgr.html) for enabling it, you may want to look at the Ramp-Up Program's control repository instead of this one. It's similar to this repo except that it has batteries included, so to speak. There are pre-built profiles for configuring Code Manager, generating SSH keys, and setting up your Git server to work with Code Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Puppet Enterprise and have not yet enabled and configured Code Manager, in addition to reading the official [documentation](https://puppet.com/docs/pe/latest/code_mgr.html) for enabling it, you may want to look at the Ramp-Up Program's control repository instead of this one. It's similar to this repo except that it has batteries included, so to speak. There are pre-built profiles for configuring Code Manager, generating SSH keys, and setting up your Git server to work with Code Manager.
```
